the surprising thing about ten years
although he doesn't look at years in
fact I were nominated first day there
who ah maybe somebody have not met yet
Alwine whose hawaiian heads up the
website hi nice to meet you Gavin
Shipman Hawaiian whose and before you
ask no I don't she's then again I one
who's before you ask no I don't write I
might be in fit cuz I just don't get
that mean Ava
they say brim found it funny yeah the
old days I'm the crisis on the pillow
Ricky's biggest jokes filler Ricky's
biggest show but shutter you slag no you
shut it you slay you slay you slay you
slag you slay you slag you slap huge guy
shut it you slag I had large corn chips
to bat sauces chicken mushroom pie Cal
Shandy bass and cherry tango you a dino
Rudy what was that phone for you yeah
probably some now's an afternoon snack
some for my dinner and then some of my
supper have them too